feat(RDS): add a data source to query configuration histories (#6834)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/data-sources/rds_configuration_histories.md

---
subcategory: "Relational Database Service (RDS)"
layout: "huaweicloud"
page_title: "HuaweiCloud: huaweicloud_rds_configuration_histories"
description: |-
  Use this data source to query the parameter change history of a RDS instance
---

# huaweicloud_rds_configuration_histories

Use this data source to query the parameter change history of a RDS instance

## Example Usage

```hcl
variable "instance_id" {}

data "huaweicloud_rds_configuration_histories" "test" {

>     instance_id = var.instance_id

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  instance_id = var.instance_id
```

}
```

> ## Argument Reference

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Argument Reference
```

The following arguments are supported:

* `region` - (Optional, String) Specifies the region in which to query the resource.
  If omitted, the provider-level region will be used.

* `instance_id` - (Required, String) Specifies the ID of the RDS instance.

> * `start_time` - (Optional, String) Start time in the *yyyy-mm-ddThh:mm:ssZ* format. The default value is seven days before the current time.
> 
> * `end_time` - (Optional, String) End time in the *yyyy-mm-ddThh:mm:ssZ* format. The default value is the current time.
>   Defaults to the current time.
> 
> * `param_name` - (Optional, String) Filter to a singe parameter name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `start_time` - (Optional, String) Specifies the start time in the **yyyy-mm-ddThh:mm:ssZ** format. The default value is seven days before the current time.

* `end_time` - (Optional, String) Specifies the end time in the **yyyy-mm-ddThh:mm:ssZ** format. The default value is the current time.
  Defaults to the current time.

* `param_name` - (Optional, String) Specifies the parameter name.
```

## Attribute Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The data source ID.

> * `histories` - A list of parameter-change history objects (see below).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `histories` - A list of parameter change history objects.
```

  The [histories](#histories_struct) structure is documented below.

<a name="histories_struct"></a>
The `histories` block supports:

* `parameter_name` - Name of the parameter.

* `old_value` - Parameter value before the change.

* `new_value` - Parameter value after the change.

> * `update_result` - Result of the change operation.
>   + **SUCCEDD**: The parameter change succeeded.
>   + **FAILED**: The parameter change failed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `update_result` - Result of the change operation.
  Value can be as follows:
  + **SUCCEDD**: The parameter change succeeded.
  + **FAILED**: The parameter change failed.
```

> * `applied` - Whether the new value was applied:
>   + **true**: Applied
>   + **false**: Not applied

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `applied` - Whether the new value was applied.
```

> * `update_time` - Timestamp when the change was requsted, in *yyyy-mm--ddThh:mm:ssZ* format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `update_time` - Timestamp when the value is updated., in **yyyy-mm--ddThh:mm:ssZ** format.
```

> * `apply_time` - Timestamp when the change took effect, in *yyyy-mm--ddThh:mm:ssZ* format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `apply_time` - Time when the new value is applied to the instance, in **yyyy-mm--ddThh:mm:ssZ** format.
```
